I'm going to call my mom.
>> Hey honey.
>> Hey mom.
>> I'm at the vet.
>> I keep going to TSA over the last 2
years when I go to the airport. You
know, after going through the metal
detector thing, they always show that
there's metal being shown near my
penis. This has been happening for like
2 years. Literally nine out of 10 times.
This happens over and over. It doesn't
matter what I'm wearing. It doesn't
matter what pants. It doesn't matter.
This always gets shown even though
there's nothing there. This last time I
asked the TSA person when I got flagged
again. What is going on here? This
happens every time. Is there anything I
can do to stop this? Is there like metal
in my wiener? There was a a woman
listening nearby who from TSA and she
laughed and she said, "I'm not supposed
to say it." And I said, "What?" And she
said, "You're just blessed."
[Music]
>> Yeah.
>> Like you were born with a metal penis.
>> No, not metal. It's presumably she was
implying that it was large. Mom.
>> Oh.
>> Can we just agree that is this a believe
that's Is this Do you believe me that
this actually happened?
>> Do I believe you?
>> Yeah. That I'm telling you the truth
that this did happen?
>> No.
>> Wait, are you serious? You don't?
>> Mom, I
>> You swear on the life of your first
child that it's true.
>> I swear on the life of my first child.
>> All right, I believe you. Oh, Sette is
here.
>> Thanks so much, Mom.
>> I believe you.
>> Okay. Thank you, Mom. I love you. Bye.
>> Okay. Bye.
Yes. My mom thinks I have a big dick.